Update 3.role-list.md (#1880)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/7.data-security/1.authentication/3.role-list.md

- The default Basic role does not have any Tag/Edge read and write permissions.
- Only GOD and ADMIN role users can perform GRANT and REVOKE operations.
- Only allow users to GRANT and REVOKE the Basic role in the specified graph space, and are not allowed to grant authorization to other role users.

> - The Basic role **cannot** insert the vertex without tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Basic role **cannot** insert vertices without a tag.
```
